like what's-her-name from from Desperate
Housewives I don't remember it Marcia
Cross this character you know I'm
talking about maybe she could pull off
something like this if she was Asian I
thought I have Asian people in desperate
housewives all right so let's see how
this tastes and I'm going to taste one
with sauce
it looks like four of those right
stuffed inside a meat sack
I've been off a finger of a corpse that
was in a freezer for a long time
it's pretty gross guys but the tastes
that experience the texture in my mouth
is not okay doesn't taste good at all I
will not serve this to my kid I wouldn't
even eat another bite of this not really
how focused Casey the penguin guys is
added again if you recall first he was
like hosing down macaroni and cheese
whoo and then he was doing karate
chopping now he's in the construction
business and sizing it up because we got
a cheese beef patty fun meal it's
interesting that they would leave with
cheese cut and remove film cover from
the tray except over corn do not remove
it over the corn this is the desert kind
of like slippery in this bag don't even
open this can't even open idea you were
like me you're probably were going
through the freezer aisle you're like
whoa whoa whoa you're like you know like
the Fred Flintstone run and you come to
a screeching halt sorry that's a Heisman
pose come to a screeching halt and
you're like what did I just see there
it's a resealable bag inside with a
zipper think these things are yummy I'm
going to pop into the ton of these in my
belly there's another zipper I'm going
after loosening and I can move to the
bell for pants it's hot I'm gonna take a
bite
oh ha ah here is it I mean here it is
this doesn't taste good guys this tastes
kind of nasty actually it's got a really
really bad generic beef aftertaste I
wonder if it was even one of those
scenes where there was like a bikini
clad woman there and they just
photoshopped her and instead had a
fishnet this looks really disgusting it
looks like a like a light beige it kind
of looks like cat food believe me I've
had cat food before so you guys know
that you know when I say it looks like
cat food it looks like cat food it is
the tofurkey three-pound vegetarian
feast twenty-four dollars and
ninety-nine cents for this vegetarian
monstrosity I'm ready to gobble gobble
gobble this up because freezerburns
starts right now
there's some crazy wack flavoring going
on this guy's
nuts and God knows how long it's going
to take for me to rotate that pork
country breaded pork country fried pork
chop let's see how it tastes
you
Rupa
super tough and July if we got drinks
with a Z we got kay-kay hey crispy pink
ring let me nervous about this smells
very crispy Norfolk you smell crispy for
that's gay smell sucks it's a classic
favorite and I have no idea what
oriental sauce is and I'm Asian are you
that shark again no ma'am I'm a
candygram this looks like a Bundy no to
me this is a little bun stuffed with
ingredients and going to be hot and down
deep into my belly it's already pretty
hot but I'm gonna show you all right see
how it tastes ah these are hot you super
hot
smells super super fresh soon super
fresh super fresh shrimp it's deep
lights which means it's not your typical
Jimmy games where you're like rolling
around with a hot capelli and like a big
like map of Texas belt buckle which is
over that's fine and believe me I like
to roll like that it wasn't like oh yeah
it's just going along come on like hop
on the bus and go along for the ride and
you know even though you're the ugly kid
all the other nice looking kids are kind
of making up for you this one really
stands out it's like the ugly kid that
smells
we got
but we go